hi everybody it's Eve Michaels and I'm
the host of make me heal celebrity
plastic surgery in news and today it's
golden globe Sunday and we are here
beautiful sunny California has the grove
shopping center interviewing people
talking about the best and the worst
cosmetic surgery of 2008 our number one
pick for the best cosmetic celebrity
plastic surgery 2000a is what done yes
we know she's had Botox and she's had
some lasers done and fillers but she
looks better than ever I think that
every woman knows that when you're over
40 and you stay super lean and very fit
there's a great chance at your face will
go hacker from lack of facial fat while
Madonna has said the industry standard
for the absolute best facial plastic
surgery we've seen in a long time maybe
ever you don't know who Donna had it
something under her face like she does
some really good
right because you know she likes me
really
lean and muscular likes me lean and
muscular so when you're older over 40 I
can tell you that for sure mo you
started to get very drawn in the face
acoustic
remember years ago josh at the bore used
to say after 30 you can choose a great
ass or a great face none of you ever
heard that your mother ever tell you
that because you know you get really
thin over 30 your face goes so Madonna
space started to go see she's smart she
had a lumped up here shows without
makeup now just that was the people last
year 2008 doesn't she look younger geez
yeah that's sure we put her as the best
cosmetic surgeon a good job celebrities
of 2003 yes we have pictures of her on
our website where you can see how fresh
and amazing she now looks and so we
really applaud Madonna breath the best
of 2000 our second pic for the absolute
most beautiful cosmetic surgery on a
celebrity for 2008 is none other than
Brad Pitt he just looked so fresh and
yummy since he's had his surgery sun
damage seems to be gone and he just
looks plumper and smoother was it
fillers was it laser resurfacing was it
Botox was it a facelift we're not sure
but we know he's had some wonderful work
done so Brad you keep yourself looking
like a hunk and all of us hoped I'd you
it'd make me here what did Brad Pitt Ted
what do you think you're into all this
stuff what you should know
yeah the facelift well I'm not sure I
think they might have he might have but
I think he had laser tightening and
resurfacing and I think he had me all
the resurfacing I usually their radius
and I think he had Botox Lisa but he
definitely looks smoother in calamba
right I think it looks great it looks
good you know I saw him about a year ago
and he did look like this handsome but
kind of sun damage you know rugged oh
yeah and now he looks serviceberry know
a lot of male celebrities are worried
about doing surgery they were great to
do it but didn't have a great
yeah yeah I think it was smart into too
much our next big is beautiful Megan Fox
the absolutely stunning actress who has
had some great surgery we know that
she's had her nose done she's had a
beautiful subtle rhinoplasty making her
even more gorgeous if that was possible
and she was before and it looks to us
like she's had some laser resurfacing
something to erase that skin damage
looks like old acne scars things like
that she looked flawless well Tom Cruise
has done it again not not only a great
new movie but a wonderful new result
from his 2008 cosmetic surgery looks
like he's had a very subtle but
beautiful rhinoplasty so his nose just
looks fantastic and it looks awesome to
us like he's had a little more Botox
maybe some resurfacing and fillers
whatever he's done it's great homework
done before and after ya mean if i were
gonna
he has less wrinkles on his cheeks okay
what about his nose it may look a little
thinner yeah exactly it definitely got a
nose in the before picture right I just
got nose in the after did you see
Valkyrie the movie
okay when you see it you might notice
that he loves about 20 years younger I
think as far as freshness of his face
and I think he's setting a standard he
and he's really setting a standard for
male celebrities on how to maintain a
youthful rested and natural appearance
Helen Mirren you are an amazing woman we
can't believe it cheetah 63 years old
and was caught photographed in a bikini
recently I don't know too many 20 year
olds that have the body that she has
well we know she's had a lot of cosmetic
surgery on her face to really smooth it
out and maybe match her body but if you
look at her stomach in that bikini it's
pretty obvious that she must have had
something done like a tummy tuck or some
lipo probably a tummy tuck maybe a
breast augmentation whatever she's done
she has had the most incredible
beautiful results Helen Mirren you are
my new idol with cosmetic surgery you
are a fabulous actress a beautiful woman
i made my goals and from all of us make
I'd like to wish all of you a happy
healthy new year and for more
information about celebrity plastic
surgery and gossip news go to our
website make me he'll calm / news